README.md, before:

# Awesome React Native

A curated list of awesome articles, tutorials and resources dealing
with React Native.

Inspired by [awesome-go](https://github.com/avelino/awesome-go), which was in turn inspired by [awesome-python](https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python).


Many thanks to everyone on the [contributor list](https://github.com/jondot/awesome-react-native/graphs/contributors) :)


# Content

- [Articles](#articles)
- [Components](#components)
- [Utilities] (#utilities)
- [Libraries] (#libraries)
- [Examples](#examples)
- [Tutorials](#tutorials)
- [Videos](#videos)
- [Releases](#releases)

## Articles

- [React Native: Bringing modern web techniques to mobile](https://code.facebook.com/posts/1014532261909640/react-native-bringing-modern-web-techniques-to-mobile/)
- [First impressions using React Native](http://jlongster.com/First-Impressions-using-React-Native)
- [React Packager README.md](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/blob/master/packager/README.md)
- [60 fps on the mobile web](http://engineering.flipboard.com/2015/02/mobile-web/)
- [Parse and React (incl. Native)](http://blog.parse.com/2015/03/25/parse-and-react-shared-chemistry/)
- [React Native: Initial Thoughts (opinion)](http://unredacted.redalemeden.com/2015/initial-thoughts-about-react-native/)
- [A Dynamic Crazy Native Mobile Future Powered by Javascript](https://medium.com/@clayallsopp/a-dynamic-crazy-native-mobile-future-powered-by-javascript-70f2d56b1987)
- [ReactNative NES & More](http://moduscreate.com/react-native-has-landed/)
- [React Native Installation and Setup](https://github.com/checkraiser/beginning-react-native/blob/master/1.Installation_and_setup.md)
- [Diary of Building an iOS App with React Native](http://herman.asia/building-a-flashcard-app-with-react-native)

## Components

- [react-native-swiper](https://github.com/leecade/react-native-swiper) - The best Swiper component for React Native.
- [React Parts](http://react.parts/) - a catalog of React Native components
- [react-native-button](https://github.com/ide/react-native-button)
- [react-canvas](https://github.com/Flipboard/react-canvas)
- [react-native-svg](https://github.com/brentvatne/react-native-svg)
- [react-native-icons](https://github.com/corymsmith/react-native-icons), [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TEdM7IwTT1g#t=50)
- [react-active-community](https://github.com/ericvicenti/react-native-community) A list of community-built React Native contributions
- [react-native-looped-carousel](https://github.com/appintheair/react-native-looped-carousel) Create looped carousel of views or images
- [react-native-progress-hud](https://github.com/naoufal/react-native-progress-hud) A clean and lightweight progress HUD for your React Native app

## Utilities

- [react-native-snippets](https://github.com/Shrugs/react-native-snippets)
- [react-native-babel](https://github.com/roman01la/react-native-babel)

## Libraries

- [tcomb-form-native](https://github.com/gcanti/tcomb-form-native) - Generate React Native forms

## Examples

- [Github repo examples](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/tree/master/Examples)
- [Hacker News iOS](https://github.com/iSimar/HackerNews-React-Native)
- [ReactNativeHackerNews](https://github.com/jsdf/ReactNativeHackerNews)
- [Premier League](https://github.com/ennioma/react-native-premier-league)
- [Buyscreen sample](https://github.com/appintheair/react-native-buyscreen)
- [NewsWatch video viewer](https://github.com/bradoyler/newswatch-react-native)
- [Native iOS font list](https://github.com/yayolius/react-native-font-list)
- [Confreaks](https://github.com/cabaret/confreaks-react-native)
- [iOS Conference App made with React Native](https://github.com/mikkoj/NortalTechDay)
- [Alt/Flux Demo](https://github.com/mrblueblue/react-native-alt-demo)
- [Dribbble React Native](https://github.com/catalinmiron/react-native-dribbble-app)

## Tutorials

- [Official React Native tutorial](http://facebook.github.io/react-native/docs/tutorial.html#content)
- [Introducing React Native (on Ray Wenderlich's)](http://www.raywenderlich.com/99473/introducing-react-native-building-apps-javascript)
- [Facebook Login With React Native](http://brentvatne.ca/facebook-login-with-react-native)
- [Enabling Live Reload](https://www.reddit.com/r/reactnative/comments/30hbg3/enabling_live_reload/)
- [Building Custom React Native Components From Scratch](http://moduscreate.com/react_native_custom_components_ios/)
- [Custom Native iOS Views with React Native](http://almostobsolete.net/react-native/custom-ios-views-with-react-native.html)
- [Embedding in existing apps](https://facebook.github.io/react-native/docs/embedded-app.html#content)
- [React Native Fundamentals](https://egghead.io/series/react-native-fundamentals)

## Videos

- React Conf 2015: [Introducing React Native](https://youtu.be/KVZ-P-ZI6W4)
- React Conf 2015: [A Deep Dive into React Native](https://youtu.be/7rDsRXj9-cU)
- F8 2015: [React Native and Relay](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X6YbAKiLCLU)
- [Generate React Native Forms](http://react.rocks/example/tcomb-form-native) with `tcomb-form-native`
- [Let's build a React Native app in 20 minutes](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ArhJiMGVDc) and [Gist](https://gist.github.com/peterjmag/2ef39ba5d25f3f1e0008)
- Egghead.io: [React Native Fundamentals](https://egghead.io/series/react-native-fundamentals)
- Pluralsight.com: [Build iOS Apps with React Native](http://www.pluralsight.com/courses/build-ios-apps-react-native)

## Releases

- [Release Process](http://facebook.github.io/react/blog/2015/05/22/react-native-release-process.html)
- [0.4](http://facebook.github.io/react/blog/2015/04/17/react-native-v0.4.html)
- [0.5.0-rc](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/releases/tag/v0.5.0-rc)
- [0.6.0-rc](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/releases/tag/v0.6.0-rc)

Commit message:

Split Utilities into Utils and Seeds, and add more seeds

README.md, after:

# Awesome React Native

A curated list of awesome articles, tutorials and resources dealing
with React Native.

Inspired by [awesome-go](https://github.com/avelino/awesome-go), which was in turn inspired by [awesome-python](https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python).


Many thanks to everyone on the [contributor list](https://github.com/jondot/awesome-react-native/graphs/contributors) :)


# Content

- [Articles](#articles)
- [Components](#components)
- [Utilities] (#utilities)
- [Libraries] (#libraries)
- [Examples](#examples)
- [Tutorials](#tutorials)
- [Videos](#videos)
- [Releases](#releases)

## Articles

- [React Native: Bringing modern web techniques to mobile](https://code.facebook.com/posts/1014532261909640/react-native-bringing-modern-web-techniques-to-mobile/)
- [First impressions using React Native](http://jlongster.com/First-Impressions-using-React-Native)
- [React Packager README.md](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/blob/master/packager/README.md)
- [60 fps on the mobile web](http://engineering.flipboard.com/2015/02/mobile-web/)
- [Parse and React (incl. Native)](http://blog.parse.com/2015/03/25/parse-and-react-shared-chemistry/)
- [React Native: Initial Thoughts (opinion)](http://unredacted.redalemeden.com/2015/initial-thoughts-about-react-native/)
- [A Dynamic Crazy Native Mobile Future Powered by Javascript](https://medium.com/@clayallsopp/a-dynamic-crazy-native-mobile-future-powered-by-javascript-70f2d56b1987)
- [ReactNative NES & More](http://moduscreate.com/react-native-has-landed/)
- [React Native Installation and Setup](https://github.com/checkraiser/beginning-react-native/blob/master/1.Installation_and_setup.md)
- [Diary of Building an iOS App with React Native](http://herman.asia/building-a-flashcard-app-with-react-native)

## Components

- [react-native-swiper](https://github.com/leecade/react-native-swiper) - The best Swiper component for React Native.
- [React Parts](http://react.parts/) - a catalog of React Native components
- [react-native-button](https://github.com/ide/react-native-button)
- [react-canvas](https://github.com/Flipboard/react-canvas)
- [react-native-svg](https://github.com/brentvatne/react-native-svg)
- [react-native-icons](https://github.com/corymsmith/react-native-icons), [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TEdM7IwTT1g#t=50)
- [react-active-community](https://github.com/ericvicenti/react-native-community) A list of community-built React Native contributions
- [react-native-looped-carousel](https://github.com/appintheair/react-native-looped-carousel) Create looped carousel of views or images
- [react-native-progress-hud](https://github.com/naoufal/react-native-progress-hud) A clean and lightweight progress HUD for your React Native app

## Utilities

- [react-native-snippets](https://github.com/Shrugs/react-native-snippets)

## Seeds

Get a head start on development with an existing seed.

- [react-native-webpack-server](https://github.com/mjohnston/react-native-webpack-server)
- [react-native-babel](https://github.com/roman01la/react-native-babel)
- [react-native-es6-reflux](https://github.com/filp/react-native-es6-reflux)

## Libraries

- [tcomb-form-native](https://github.com/gcanti/tcomb-form-native) - Generate React Native forms

## Examples

- [Github repo examples](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/tree/master/Examples)
- [Hacker News iOS](https://github.com/iSimar/HackerNews-React-Native)
- [ReactNativeHackerNews](https://github.com/jsdf/ReactNativeHackerNews)
- [Premier League](https://github.com/ennioma/react-native-premier-league)
- [Buyscreen sample](https://github.com/appintheair/react-native-buyscreen)
- [NewsWatch video viewer](https://github.com/bradoyler/newswatch-react-native)
- [Native iOS font list](https://github.com/yayolius/react-native-font-list)
- [Confreaks](https://github.com/cabaret/confreaks-react-native)
- [iOS Conference App made with React Native](https://github.com/mikkoj/NortalTechDay)
- [Alt/Flux Demo](https://github.com/mrblueblue/react-native-alt-demo)
- [Dribbble React Native](https://github.com/catalinmiron/react-native-dribbble-app)

## Tutorials

- [Official React Native tutorial](http://facebook.github.io/react-native/docs/tutorial.html#content)
- [Introducing React Native (on Ray Wenderlich's)](http://www.raywenderlich.com/99473/introducing-react-native-building-apps-javascript)
- [Facebook Login With React Native](http://brentvatne.ca/facebook-login-with-react-native)
- [Enabling Live Reload](https://www.reddit.com/r/reactnative/comments/30hbg3/enabling_live_reload/)
- [Building Custom React Native Components From Scratch](http://moduscreate.com/react_native_custom_components_ios/)
- [Custom Native iOS Views with React Native](http://almostobsolete.net/react-native/custom-ios-views-with-react-native.html)
- [Embedding in existing apps](https://facebook.github.io/react-native/docs/embedded-app.html#content)
- [React Native Fundamentals](https://egghead.io/series/react-native-fundamentals)

## Videos

- React Conf 2015: [Introducing React Native](https://youtu.be/KVZ-P-ZI6W4)
- React Conf 2015: [A Deep Dive into React Native](https://youtu.be/7rDsRXj9-cU)
- F8 2015: [React Native and Relay](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X6YbAKiLCLU)
- [Generate React Native Forms](http://react.rocks/example/tcomb-form-native) with `tcomb-form-native`
- [Let's build a React Native app in 20 minutes](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ArhJiMGVDc) and [Gist](https://gist.github.com/peterjmag/2ef39ba5d25f3f1e0008)
- Egghead.io: [React Native Fundamentals](https://egghead.io/series/react-native-fundamentals)
- Pluralsight.com: [Build iOS Apps with React Native](http://www.pluralsight.com/courses/build-ios-apps-react-native)

## Releases

- [Release Process](http://facebook.github.io/react/blog/2015/05/22/react-native-release-process.html)
- [0.4](http://facebook.github.io/react/blog/2015/04/17/react-native-v0.4.html)
- [0.5.0-rc](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/releases/tag/v0.5.0-rc)
- [0.6.0-rc](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/releases/tag/v0.6.0-rc)
